- Avoid duplicated files
  Some time ago, the ffs project was outside cado-nfs, and therefore some
  files were duplicated. Now that they are in the same repo, it makes
  sense that we use directly the files from cado-nfs.

- Implement the char 3 arith with Pairing 2008
  Paper by Aoki et al. 
  Use 6 ops for add instead of 7, but changes the representation.
  This other representation implies several changes but should not be
  more costly than the current one.

- Norm initialization speed-up.
  There is still time to save in norm init. For instance, the
  bit-fiddling to check if we have to recompute the norm is probably too
  costly. Also, the fix-prec computation has not yet been carefully
  optimized.

- Provide more fixed sizes in fppol*_ arithmetic.
  This is important for cofactorization. 
  It should take advantage of SSE/AVX, so that a bit of rewriting of
  lowlevel structures in necessary.
  When we are at it, having 8-bit and 4-bit arithmetic would be nice
  (especially for norm computations in characteristic 3).

- Cleaning type declaration/definition.
  It is convenient to *declare* types in a unique .h file.
  However, it is interesting to keep the struct definitions in the .h
  file that also declares all the associated functions.
  -> one file fppol_types.h that contains the CPP-craziness for fppol
  types.
  -> one file types.h that contains all other type declarations (ijvec_t,
  fbideal_t, ...)
  -> the __toto_struct definition should go to the .h file that provide
  also function to work on toto_t.

- Add the fppol*_set_random() functions.
  set_random() is not so simple if we want uniformity in characteristic 3.
  Since it is used only for EDF, we don't really need it and can live
  with strongly biased randomness.
  At some point we might want to use random for automatic tests of the
  polynomial arithmetic.

- Uniformization of the upper bounds
  It would make sense to ensure that all the upper bounds on degree
  involved in the code are *strict* upper bounds. This is currently not
  the case for fbb/lpb for instance.

- Add basic smoothness tests based on degree.
  If after sieving irreducibles up to degree (say) 22, we get a
  result of degree less than 46, then it is necessarily prime.
  It is not clear that we can use it reliably right now, because we do
  not do resieving. 

- Factorize / clean-up the fq_t part.
  Right now, fq_t relies on sq_t. It made sense for enumerating the
  special-qs. But now, it is also used in makefb...

- Projective roots 
  We do not sieve projective roots for large ideals.
  This is probably of very little effect, but we might want to give it
  a try.

- Indexing the sieving area.
  Order i and j polynomials by Gray code order instead of lex order in the
  (i,j) plane. This would avoid to-and-fro pentatrit conversions, and remove
  gaps in the array. This should work quite straightforwardly for i
  polynomials, but j polynomials will require some more work because of the
  buckets.

- Think about making i monic instead of j.

- Monic is not needed. Normalized is what we want.
  We might prefer use the constant term equal to 1 instead of the leading
  coefficient, as they do in Japan.
